TO-DO:


FEATURES:

1. xShop hitbox with button 
2. More levels (IDEAS)
3. xShop menu*
4. Loading screen for biome transitions and when gamemode chosen


BUG'S:

1. xRock fall straight on head = hp+ not hp-
2. xWall hitbox
3. xFixed rotation when climbing
4. Animation fix
5. xSoft lock wal edge
6. xGame mode not working 
7. Oof sound effect not working when touch ground
8. Sound effect	AAA repeats while active

TECHNICAL DEBT:

1. xGit-hup repo
2. Frame rate detect for gob and rock
3. Clean up code with functions

DEPLOYMENT

1. Windows .exe for more computers
2. Demo for friends and testers to get feedback and find bug's (:DEADLINE: at least at the end of summer vacation 2025|DEMO TODO)



*: 
xSell panel: Sell ores and artifacts for money
Buy panel: Price for buying and faded when not affordable and indicator when bouht
Note: Pants, Pickaxe and Sword do nothing


IDEAS:

Missions: Mercants in all biomes, with missions. Reward = next biome**
Biomes: After evrery biome a dungeon, and every 3 biomes a Boss***
	Biome Ideas: Ice (ACTIVE), Swamp, Vulcano, Futuristic City, Desert Ruïns, Jungle, Canyon, Space, Book, ... (More biomes need to be thout of)
	Dungeon Ideas: xCave, Ice Cave, Inside a tree, Inside the vulcano (Lava rising), Office, Piramid, Waterfall (Mercant Quest?), Ambush, Space ship, ...
	Boss Ideas: Slugcluck the Big Slug of the Swamp (Swamp), Ahciok the Son of the Dark Sun (Desert Ruïns), Xencos-13 the Emperor of the Galactic Sanctum (Space), ...


**:
Most mercants will grant next biome, some will grant money or other valuables (First biome will not have a mercant)

***:
Bosses will have an upwards auto-scrolling level, where you need to hit weak-points with randomly spawning power-ups, every hit a new fase and after 3 hits next biome (No mercant)












DEMO-TO-DO:


GAME:
-Make a copy for the demo
-xMake a win screen
-Make biome 1,2 and 3 finised + Boss1
-Make a bug reporter
-xMAKE A GITHUB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


RL: (GAME has to be finised first) delete this text if game is done
-Give out USB's or weTransfer
-Look at bugs via bug reporter and add them to "Bugs" in TO-DO